and this video,
we're going to speak about grand totals in pivot tables.
So when we select a pivot table,
we have the option to view.
The grand totals wore either the Rose on Lee or the columns on Lee or for both.
Or we can actually hide the grand totals for both the rows and columns.
So to do that,
you need to select a cell in your pivot table and then go to the design tab on the ribbon
and then under grand totals.
Here you'll see four options off for rows and columns,
and that removes the grand totals from both rows and columns.
So if we click on that,
you can see here that the grant holders have been removed.
The grant of those feroz and the grand totals for columns they both have been removed.
And if you go back to the grand totals option here,
if you press on for rows and columns,
you can see here we have grand totals for both the roads and the columns.
And then there is on for Rose on Lee,
so that shows the grand totals Onley for Rose.
And then there is on for columns only.
and that shows two grand total Onley for columns.
However,
usually I prefer the on for rows and columns option.
So thanks,
guys watching I'll see on the next.